Now I am javier del poplar from the
plan to come here
and now an intro of the mobile
and we are going to do
helping alberto we will do
of the relationships in which I am
watching from layton
a series of situations and we
let's interpret how we would react
in that situation
reaction number one react to the end
of a book does not satisfy you
little by little the things that I 'm not of
close and indignarme life with your father
an end that I did not like anything happened
the page and usually just wait for one
more page but this page more are
go gogh in white and then over let him
aside I'm running to the mobile and I'm looking for
someone for later normally
always here is trash
to a person who says I do not like to read
27 to those who do not want to go out in my video
Hello
goodbye
because I do not like it, and suddenly
one day he found books I liked a lot
you read the book and I said wow but it's a
problem because you put yourself in a standard
very high and good but it is a way of
start reading is my pretty girl my sweet
Princess
Then the clouds when she kisses me
I feel that it flies higher than the sky
if your third reaction someone loses your
favorite book
we lose but in leaving something you take
kilos of weight please that is my book
favorite he got mega from rain and from
sodium has never seen that book again
normally unless it's a book
which I have given me someone who does
I have a lot of love even if it's my book
favorite is a material object and if it
loses then the only thing you would say to
people who will buy me another book
a book has just arrived
and destroyed the house of the little boy and
then well the book I look at what
they all appear in bed and we talk
everyone to my house does not get books because
I live in the middle of nothing living in a
field and I have a mailbox then it's me
the one that goes to look for the mailbox what I do
is to listen to it from the mailbox to download
I take the key open light or listen
so that when I get home I go
opponent debut is to give a story
everything is looking and I say to see and when I already
I'm going to wear and a fictitious boyfriend is
real
I am in love with sant of the advantage
of being marginalized but not by sam but
by water his favorite author publishes
a new book
min I depend for example when it
he said Rowling was going to direct the
fantastic animal movies and
where to find us
it can not be
I want to be able to touch the sky
clouds fly and fly as many times says
out
I say a lot and the no way too much
and I think he is not identified with
except because I do not say anything when I
I speak when it is something bad in the plan
fuck last choice the guy and the
girl are deeply in love without
a new one but they do not want to admit it
I enjoy
let yourself be carried away by the sensations and there
are you and I like how you do it
you
We hope you liked it and now a
toast for health and now a toast for
the literature that unites us all except
thanks to the popular god for joining me
in this wonderful such we see ourselves in the
next video you can is up to then
and until next time if you liked the
video give the leave a comment
You can also follow me on twitter at
Facebook
goodbye